Date: March 31, 2023
To,
The Visa Officer
Immigration, Refugees, and Citizenship Canada
Temporary Residence Visa - Visitor Application for Canada
Name of the Applicant: Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar
Date of Birth: October 1, 1971
Dear Sir/Madam,
This application refers to our client - Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar for Temporary Residence Visa - Visitor. Please find the Use of Representative (IMM5476) in our favor.
Purpose of Visit
Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar intends to temporarily stay in Canada for a couple of weeks, from June 3, 2023, to July 3, 2023, and spend quality time with her son - Mr. Rami, Bhavin Dilipkumar. The main purpose of the applicant's visit is to be a part of her son's convocation ceremony, which will happen in June 2023. It would be a proud moment for the mother. Apart from attending the convocation, the applicant will also explore the beautiful parts of Toronto and Niagara Falls, which her son will take her to. Thus, the inviter and the applicant have both planned this voyage of Ms. Rami to Canada.
Please find attached the invitation letter from Mr. Rami, Bhavin Dilipkumar in the file name "Inviter's Documents".
Ties to the Country of Residence - India
We would like to inform you that the applicant is well-established in India. Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar is a homemaker. She is living in Ahmedabad city of Gujarat along with her spouse - Mr. Rami, Dilipkumar Khemchandbhai[VT1], and an elder married son - Mr. Rami, Maulikkumar Dilipkumar. Since both her spouse and son are occupied in their respective business and job, it will not be possible for them to join the applicant on this trip to Canada.
Additionally, we would like to inform you that the applicant has strong family and social ties in India. She is socially well-connected with her family members and is surrounded by her loved ones. Ms. Rami has her siblings - Ms. Mali, Rashilaben Govindbhai, Mr. Rami, Rajeshbhai Prahladbhai, Ms. Rami Urmilaben Ashokkumar, and Ms. Rami, Gitaben Jitendrakumar living in different parts of Gujarat. Besides, her close relatives, friends from childhood, nieces, and nephews reside in the same town or nearby towns. Hence, the applicant's family ties in India are a compelling reason to return to her home country. The applicant understands her immigration obligation and would not stay longer than permitted at any point in time.
As for the immovable assets, the applicant owns one residential property worth INR 8,100,000 (equivalent to CAD $134,701.81*) in Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India. She does not have any loans or debt on this property.
We have attached the property documents in the file name "Proof of Fund".
Financial Availability and Stability
Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar will bear all the expenditures related to this trip. She has been maintaining liquid funds of INR 1,603,251.62 (equivalent to CAD $26,661.84*) in the form of bank savings and fixed deposits. Out of the total savings, the applicant will utilize approximately INR 600,000 (equivalent to CAD $10,000*) towards her return flight tickets, food, and other expenses during her stay in Canada. However, Ms. Rami does not intend to become a financial burden on the Canadian Government without crossing her defined budget for the Canadian travel expenditure.
* INR 50,000 was credited (twice) to the SBI savings account of Ms. Rami dated March 1, 2023, and once on March 2, 2023. The amounts were transferred by her son - Mr. Rami, Maulikkumar Dilipkumar, which he owed to the applicant. We have attached the applicant's bank statement suggesting the credit entry for your reference.
* INR 100,000 was credited (twice) to the SBI savings account of Ms. Rami dated March 3, 2023. The amounts were transferred by her son - Mr. Rami, Maulikkumar Dilipkumar, which he owed to the applicant. We have attached the applicant's bank statement suggesting the credit entry for your reference.
* INR 100,000 was credited (twice) to the SBI savings account of Ms. Rami dated March 3, 2023, as well as, March 5, 2023, and once on March 6, 2023. The amounts were transferred by her son - Mr. Rami, Maulikkumar Dilipkumar, which he owed to the applicant. We have attached the applicant's bank statement suggesting the credit entry for your reference.
Please find attached the proof of funds table, fixed deposit receipts, bank statements, immovable property valuation report, and electricity bill in the file name "Proof of Fund".
*Rate of Exchange: 1 CAD = 60.13 INR as of March 23, 2023
Inviter's Details
The applicant's son - Mr. Rami, Bhavin Dilipkumar is on a Study Permit in Canada, which is valid until April 30, 2023. He has completed Electromechanical Engineering Technician program from Sheridan College. He has made the application for Post Graduate Work Permit on January 19, 2023.[m2] He works with Brampton Distribution Centre at Gap Canada Inc. as a Maintenance Assistant since June 3, 2022. He is earning $21.10 per hour. Mr. Rami has arranged accommodation for his mother at 41 Nathanial Crescent Brampton, ON - L6Y 5M5.
Please find attached the invitation letter, Indian passport, valid Student Visa of Canada, Study Permit, application for Work Permit to the IRCC, academic degree completion letter from Sheridan College, official academic transcript, confirmation of employment, pay stubs, letter of accommodation, and Ontario Driver's License in the file name "Inviter's Documents". For proof of the relationship, we have attached a passport copy of Mr. Rami, Bhavin Dilipkumar (inviter), which mentions Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar (applicant) in the mother's name.
Please find enclosed:
Forms
* Application for Visitor Visa (Temporary Resident Visa) made outside of Canada (IMM 5257)
* Family Information Form (IMM 5645)
* Schedule 1 (IMM 5257)
* Use of Representative (IMM 5476)
Supporting Documents - Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar
* Proof of Identity: Passport
* Fund Documents: Proof of funds table, fixed deposit receipts, bank statements, immovable property valuation report, and electricity bill
* Inviter's Documents: Invitation letter, Indian passport, valid Student Visa of Canada, Study Permit, application for extension of Study Permit, academic degree completion letter from Sheridan College, official academic transcript, confirmation of employment, pay stubs, letter of accommodation, and Ontario Driver's License
* Proof of Relationship: Passport copy of Mr. Rami, Bhavin Dilipkumar (inviter), which mentions Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar (applicant) in the mother's name
* Vaccination Certificate
* Digital Photograph
We request your approval of Ms. Rami, Minaben Dilipkumar's application for a temporary visit to Canada for spending quality time with her son - Mr. Rami, Bhavin Dilipkumar.
If you need any further information, please let us know and we will comply with your direction.
Yours truly,
Pranay Shah
R418831
Winny Immigration and Education Services Pvt. Ltd.
[VT1]Please click the checkbox of "No" in the Family information form, since the applicant's spouse is not visiting Canada.
[m2]Please check with client whether he has received any document informing he is authorized to work until the decision on his Work Permit is made
