Date: March 24, 2023
To, 
The Visa Officer,
Immigration, Refugees, and Citizenship Canada

Temporary Residence Visa – Visitor Application for Canada
Name of the Applicant: Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai
Date of Birth: June 01, 1970
Name of the Applicant: Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar
Date of Birth: September 12, 1971

Dear Sir/Madam, 
This Application refers to our client - Mr. Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai and Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar for a Temporary Residence Visa – Visitor. Please find the Use of Representative (IMM 5476) in our favor. 

Purpose of Visit
Mr. Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai and Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar (applicants) intends to temporarily visit Canada from November 1, 2023, to November 30, 2023. The main reason for the applicant’s visit is to attend their daughter’s – Ms. Patel, Ashvina Kamleshkumar (inviter) convocation ceremony, which will be place in the month of November 2023.  This would be a moment of pride for the parents. Apart from attending the convocation, the applicants intend to spend quality family time together with their daughter and enjoy their summer vacation. 
Please find the attached invitation letter from Ms. Patel, Ashvina Kamleshkumar in the file name “Inviter’s Documents”. 
Family Ties and Economic Establishment in Uganda and India

We would like to inform that the applicants are temporary residents in Uganda. Mr. Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai runs partnership firm “Kasese Price Hardware and More (Uganda) Limited” since March 23, 2017. Mr. Patel holds 50% partnership in the firm. The company turnover is INR 42,898,517.75 (equivalent to CAD $714,748.96*) and company profit is INR 1,847,072.93 (equivalent to CAD $30,774.80*). In absence of Mr. Patel, his partner will manage his roles and responsibilities and connect with him in case of any urgent requirements or guidance. His annual income is INR ____ (equivalent to CAD $___*). Not able to check from documents

Mr. Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai is married to Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar since February 12, 1995. Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar is a housewife. They have their son – Mr. Patel, Deep Kamleshkumar living with them in Uganda. , 
The applicants also have strong familial and social ties in their country of residence – Uganda as well as in India. In Uganda, the applicants have their friends with whom they spend quality time during weekends. With regards to the family ties in India, Ms. Patel has her mother – Ms. Patel, Lilaben Prahladbhai living in Gujarat, India. Ms. Patel is very much attached to her mother and hence, she regularly visits her mother to her residence in India. Additionally, the applicants have their blood relatives, close family members, cousins – brothers and sisters, nieces, nephews, and friends living in India. The entire family gathers at various festivals and spends quality time together. 

With regards to the immoveable assets, the applicants have residential property worth INR 5,875,920 (equivalent to CAD $97,901*) in Kadi, Gujarat, India. They do not have any loans or debts on any of these properties. 
We have submitted Certificate of Registration, Certificate of incorporation, Trading license, Memorandum and Article of Association, Current statement of Centenary Bank, Audit Report and Tax Documents in the file name “Business account Registration”. 
Financial Availability and Stability
All the expenses for the trip will be borne by the applicants themselves. They have been maintaining liquid funds of INR 1,126,329.76 (equivalent to CAD $18,766.22*) in the form of bank savingsBank of Baroda statement account number ending 5909 – provided until Feb 15
Account number ending 0002 – provided until Feb 28
. Out of the total savings, the applicants will utilize approximately INR ___ (equivalent to CAD $ ___) towards their return flight tickets, food, sightseeing, and other expenses during their stay in Canada. The applicants do not want to be the financial burden on the Canadian government and hence, will return to India within the allowed stay. 

· There is a large amount credit of INR 100,000 in Mr. Patel’s Bank of Baroda account dated February 13, 2023. The amount was transferred by the applicant’s son-in-law – Mr. Patel, Hasmit, which he owed to the client. We have attached the payment screenshot for your reference. 
· There is a large amount credit of INR 300,000 in Mr. Patel’s Bank of Baroda account dated February 13, 2023. The amount was transferred from Umiya Enterprise. We have attached cheque issued by Umiya Enterprise.
· There is a large amount credit of INR 600,000 in Mr. Patel’s Bank of Baroda account dated February 14, 2023. The amount was transferred by Mr. Gajjar, Rakesh Ashokbhai, which he owed to the client. We have attached RTGS/NEFT Application form from Mr. Gajjar, Rakesh Ashokbhai for your reference.

*Rate of Exchange: 1 Ugandan Shilling = 0.022 INR as of March 27, 2023
		       1 CAD = 60 INR as of March 27, 2023

Inviter’s Details
The applicant’s daughter – Ms. Patel, Ashvina Kamleshkumar is on Study Permit in Canada, which is valid until December 31, 2023. She is presently pursuing Occupational Health and Safety Management program at Lambton College. The inviter has arranged accommodation for her parents at 1076 Lawrence Ave E, North York, Ontario M3C 1R6, Canada. 

Please find attached Study Permit, enrolment verification letter from Lambton College, academic transcripts, bank statements, employment letter, pay stubs, and lease agreement in the file name “Inviter's Documents”.
Please find enclosed: 
Forms
· Application for Visitor Visa (Temporary Resident Visa) made outside of Canada (IMM 5257) 
· Family Information Form (IMM 5645) 
· Schedule 1 (IMM 5257) 
· Use of Representative (IMM 5476) 
Supporting Documents
Mr. Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai 
· Proof of Identity: Passport
· Business Documents: Certificate of Registration, Certificate of incorporation, Trading license, Memorandum and Article of Association, Current account statement of Centenary Bank, Audit Report and Tax Documents
· Fund Documents: CA Certificate, Bank Account Statement and Valuation report. 
· Inviter’s Documents: Invitation letter from Ms. Patel, Ashvina Kamleshkumar, Indian passport, Study Permit, enrolment verification letter from Lambton College, academic transcripts, bank statements, employment letter, pay stubs, and lease agreement. 
· Proof of Relationship: Passport copy of Ms. Patel, Ashvina Kamleshkumar (inviter), which mentions Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar (applicant) in mother’s name and Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai (applicant) in father’s name.
· Digital Photograph 

Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar
· Proof of Identity: Passport 	
· Digital Photograph 
We request you to allow Mr. Patel, Kamleshkumar Mathurbhai and Ms. Patel, Shobhnaben Kamleshkumar to travel to Canada on a Temporary Resident Visa – Visitor and be part of their daughter’s convocation ceremony.

If you need any further information, please let us know and we will comply with your direction.
Yours truly,


Pranay Shah
R418831
Winny Immigration and Education Services Pvt. Ltd.






 

 
