Date: March 31, 2023
To,
The Visa Officer
Immigration, Refugees, and Citizenship Canada
Temporary Residence Visa - Visitor Application for Canada
Name of the Applicant: Kanani, Samir Chandulal
Date of Birth: October 5, 1984
Dear Sir/Madam,
This application refers to our clients - Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal for a Temporary Residence Visa - Visitor. Please find the Use of Representative (IMM5476) in our favor.
Purpose of Visit
Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal (applicant) intends to temporarily visit Canada from May 12, 2023, to May 31, 2023. The main purpose of the applicant's visit is to meet Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal (elder brother of Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal) in Canada. The applicant has been invited by his brother to join him and his family for the house warming ceremony to be held in the month of May 2023.  In India, getting a new house is considered quite auspicious and the achievement is celebrated with the family by organizing "house-warming ceremony". Thus, the applicant will be a part of this prosperous occasion by praying and wishing the best for the inviter and his family. Additionally, there are several milestones to be celebrated, including applicant's niece's 16th birthday, sister-in-law's 40th birthday and his brother's 19th marriage anniversary in the month of May 2023. Hence, this trip is mainly intended to spend some precious family time together and enjoy their family holidays.  
We have attached invitation letter from Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal in the file name "Inviter's Documents". 
For proof of relationship, we have attached the passport copies of Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal (applicant) and Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal (inviter), which mentions Mr. Kanani, Chandulal Hirjibhai and Ms. Kanani, Pragnaben Chandulal in father and mother's name respectively. 
Ties to the Country of Residence - India
We would like to inform you that the applicants are well-settled in their country of residence - India. Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal manages his business "Elegance" since July 1, 2017. In his absence, his parents - Mr. Patel, Chandulal Harjibhai and Ms. Patel, Pragnaben Chandulal will be taking care of his responsibilities. Additionally, he works with Manglam Investment as a part-time Sales Officer since December 2019. The applicant has taken leave approval from his employer to undertake this trip to Canada from May 12, 2023, to May 31, 2023. As a result, he is expected to return to work on June 01, 2023. He has an annual income of INR 458,520 (equivalent to CAD $7,641.58*).
We want to inform you that the applicants have strong family ties in India. Mr. Kanani lives with his parents (Mr. Kanani, Chandulal Hirjibhai and Ms. Kanani, Pragnaben Chandulal) and spouse (Ms. Pokhare, Hemangi Narayan) in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. While the applicant is travelling to Canada, his spouse will be living in India. 
Additionally, he has his blood relatives, close family members, cousins - brothers and sisters, nieces, nephews, and friends living in the same city or nearby towns. The entire family gathers at various festivals and spends quality time together. The applicant's professional/business commitments, his responsibility towards his family, and connections in India are compelling reasons for his return to home country.
As for the immovable assets, the applicant owns residential and commercial property worth INR 9,850,000 (equivalent to CAD $164,157.64*) in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. He does not have any loans or debt on either of these properties.
We have attached leave approval letter and pay stubs in the file name "Employment Documents". We have also attached GST registration certificate and bank statements in the file name "Business Documents". Please find attached the marriage certificate in the file name "Marriage certificate". We have attached property documents in the file name "Proof of funds".
Financial Availability and Stability
Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal will bear all the expenditures related to this travel to Canada. He has been maintaining liquid funds worth INR 4,854,800 (equivalent to CAD $80,908.88*) in the form of bank savings, term deposits, and stocks. Out of the total funds, the applicants will utilize approximately INR 900,000 (equivalent to CAD $15,000*) towards flight (return), medical insurance, an entrance fee for national parks and rides, and other tours and travel expenses. The applicant owns adequate funds to bear all the travel expenses for this trip to Canada. He doesn't intend to become a financial liability to the Canadian Government and will return to India before the expiry of his authorized stay.
- There were credit entries of INR 80,000 and INR 100,000 in Mr. Kanani's HDFC Bank account dated March 6, 2023 and February 24, 2023, respectively. The amount was withdrawn by the applicant from "Elegance", which he had invested. We have attached Mr. Kanani and Elegance bank statements with transactions highlighted for your reference. 
- There is a credit entry of INR 68,000 in Mr. Kanani's HDFC Bank account dated February 14, 2023. The amount was transferred by the applicant himself from another savings account - State Bank of India. We have attached HDFC Bank and State Bank of India statements with transactions highlighted for your reference.
We have attached net worth report, bank statements, term deposit receipts, shareholding statements, and income tax returns in the file name "Proof of Fund".
*Rate of Exchange: 1 CAD = 60 INR as of March 27, 2023
Travel History
Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal has previously travelled to the Kingdom of Thailand (April 2015) for leisure. He has followed all rules and regulations of the host nations while on his foreign trip, and left on time. He will make sure to adhere to all Canadian entry and exit regulations and depart for India before the expiration of his visitor visa.
You can refer to the travel details of the applicant through his passport stamps.
Inviter's Details
The applicant's brother - Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal is a Canadian Citizen. He works with Dare Foods Limited as an Operator since September 29, 2020. He lives with his spouse (Ms. Kanani, Niral) and daughter (Ms. Kanani, Twisha). Both of them are Canadian Citizens. Ms. Kanani, Niral works with Finest Sausage & Meat Ltd. as a Quality Assurance/HACCP Coordinator and Walmart Canada Corp as a part-time Customer Service Manager. The inviter has arranged accommodation of his brother at 85 Activa Avenue, Kitchener, Ontario N2E 3R4, Canada.
We have attached invitation letter from Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal, Canadian pssport, employment letters, pay stubs, bank statements, and utility bill in the file name "Inviter's Documents".
Please find enclosed:
Forms
* Application for Visitor Visa (Temporary Resident Visa) made outside of Canada (IMM 5257)
* Family Information Form (IMM 5645)
* Schedule 1 (IMM 5257)
* Use of Representative (IMM 5476)
Supporting Documents - Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal
* Proof of Identity: Passport
* Employment Documents: Leave approval letter and pay stubs
* Business Documents: GST registration certificate and bank statements
* Fund Documents: Net worth report, bank statements, term deposit receipts, shareholding statements, and income tax returns 
* Inviter's Documents: Invitation letter from Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal, Canadian pssport, employment letters, pay stubs, bank statements, and utility bill
* Proof of Relationship: Passport copies of Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal (applicant) and Mr. Kanani, Ketulkumar Chandulal (inviter)
* Additional Documents: Marriage certificate 
* Digital Photograph
We request your approval on Mr. Kanani, Samir Chandulal's Temporary Resident Visa - Visitor application to visit Canada and be part of the celebration taking place at his brother's place. 
If you require any additional information, please let us know and we will comply with your direction.
Yours truly,
Pranay Shah
R418831
Winny Immigration and Education Services Pvt. Ltd.
