Date: March 31, 2023
To,
The Visa Officer
Immigration, Refugees, and Citizenship Canada
Temporary Residence Visa - Visitor application for Canada
Applicant Name: Shah, Vinaykumar Rameshchandra
Date of Birth: August 10, 1971
Applicant Name: Shah, Hemangini Vinaykumar
Date of Birth: August 31, 1971
Dear Sir /Madam,
This refers to our clients - Mr. Shah, Vinaykumar Rameshchandra and Ms. Shah, Hemangini Vinaykumar's application for a Temporary Residence Visa - Visitor. Please find the Use of Representative (IMM5476) in our favor.
Purpose of Visit
Mr. Shah, Vinaykumar Rameshchandra and Ms. Shah, Hemangini Vinaykumar (applicants) intends to temporarily visit Canada, starting from June 5, 2023, to June 20, 2023. The main reason for the applicant's visit is to attend their son's - Mr. Shah, Kush Vinaybhai (inviter) - convocation ceremony, which will take place between June 12, 2023 and June 16, 2023. This would be a moment of pride for the parents. Apart from attending the convocation, the applicants intend to spend quality family time together with their son and enjoy their summer vacation. 
Please find attached invitation letter from Mr. Shah, Kush Vinaybhai in the file name "Inviter's Documents".
Ties to the Country of Residence - India
We would like to inform that the applicants are well-settled in their country of residence - India. Mr. Shah, Vinaykumar Rameshchandra is working with ABP Network Pvt. Ltd. as an Assistant Manager in the Ad Sales department since October 27, 2016. His annual income is INR 1,705,608 (equivalent to CAD $28,460.67*). The applicant has taken leave approval from his employer to undertake this trip to Canada from June 05, 2023, to June 20, 2023. As a result, he is expected to return to work on June 21, 2023.
Mr. Shah, Vinaykumar Rameshchandra is married to Ms. Shah, Hemangini Vinaykumar since June 1, 1997. Ms. Shah is a housewife. We would like to inform that the applicants have strong family and social ties in India. Mr. Shah's mother - Ms. Shah, Prabhutaben Rameshchandra and younger son - Mr. Shah, Vansh Vinaykumar lives with him in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Additionally, he has his siblings - Ms. Shah, Bina Rajeshkumar and Mr. Shah, Brijesh Rameshchandra living in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. 
With regards to Ms. Shah, she has her parents - Mr. Kothari, Mahendrakumar Kishorlal and Ms. Kothari, Jayshreeben Mahendrakumar living in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. She has three siblings - Ms. Shah, Ushma Jigneshkumar, Ms. Shah, Hetal Nikunjkumar, and Ms. Kothari, Shruti Mahendrakumar R living in Mumbai, Hyderabad, and Ahmedabad, India. 
The applicants are very close to their family and have spent their entire lives together. Furthermore, all of their immediate family lives in the same city or nearby towns. As a result, they get together on various occasions and spend quality time together. The applicants' strong family ties are a compelling reason to return to their home country. They understand their immigration obligation and would not stay longer than permitted at any given time. The sole purpose of this visit is to meet and stay with their son.
As for the immovable assets, the applicants own residential property worth INR 7,767,000 (equivalent to CAD $129,604.23*) in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. They do not have any loans or debt on either of these properties.
We have attached leave approval letter, offer letter, and pay stubs in the file name "Employment Documents".
Financial Availability and Stability
The expenses to be incurred in this trip will be borne by the applicants. They have been maintaining liquid funds of INR 4,236,853 (equivalent to CAD $70,698.35*) in the form of bank savings, public provident fund, and stocks. From the total savings, the applicants will be utilizing approximately INR 1,000,000 (equivalent to CAD $18,000*) towards their return flight tickets, medical, and other tour and travel expenses. We believe that the applicants own adequate funds to bear their travel expenses toward Canada. Neither of the applicants intends to become a financial burden on the Canadian Government and will return to India by the expiry of their visitor visas.
* There is a large amount credit of INR 450,000 in Mr. Shah's HDFC Bank account dated March 13, 2023. The amount was transferred by Mr. Shah's friend - Mr. Patel, Chandrakant Keshavlal, which he owed to the applicant. 
We have attached net worth report, bank statements, stock holding statement, public provident fund statements, life insurance surrender value certificate, and income tax returns in the file name "Proof of fund".
* Rate of Exchange: 1 CAD = 59.93 INR as of March 24, 2023
Inviter's Details
The applicant's son - Mr. Shah, Kush Vinaybhai is on Study Permit in Canada, which is valid until April 30, 2024. He is pursuing Master of Engineering - Electrical and Computer (Software Engineering) from Carleton University. The inviter has arranged the accommodation for his parents at 1591 Lycee Place, Ottawa, Ontario K1G 4A7, Canada.
We have attached Study Permit, enrolment letter, academic transcript, and rental lease agreement in the file name "Inviter's Documents". 
Please find enclosed:
Forms
* Application for Visitor Visa (Temporary Resident Visa) made outside of Canada (IMM 5257)
* Family Information Form (IMM 5645)
* Schedule 1 (IMM 5257)
* Use of Representative (IMM 5476)
Supporting Documents
* Proof of Identity: Passports
* Employment Documents: Leave approval letter, offer letter, and pay stubs
* Fund Documents: Net worth report, bank statements, stock holding statement, public provident fund statements, life insurance surrender value certificate, and income tax returns
* Inviter's Documents: Invitation letter from Shah, Kush Vinaybhai, enrolment letter, academic transcript, and rental lease agreement
* Vaccination Certificates
* Digital Photographs
We request you to allow Mr. Shah, Vinaykumar Rameshchandra and Ms. Shah, Hemangini Vinaykumar to travel to Canada on a Temporary Resident Visa - Visitor and be a part of their son's convocation ceremony. 
If you need any further information, let us know and we will comply with your direction.
Yours truly,
Pranay Shah
R418831
Winny Immigration and Education Services Pvt. Ltd.
