Date: March 22, 2023
To, 
The Visa Officer,
Immigration, Refugees, and Citizenship Canada

Temporary Residence Visa – Visitor Application for Canada
Name of the Applicant: Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai
Date of Birth: August 12, 1978
Name of the Applicant: Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir
Date of Birth: October 11, 1978
Name of the Applicant: Patel, Karm Ruchirbhai
Date of Birth: January 23, 2008


Dear Sir/Madam, 
This Application refers to our client - Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai, Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir and Master Patel, Karm Ruchirbhai for a Temporary Residence Visa – Visitor. Please find the Use of Representative (IMM 5476) in our favor. 

Purpose of Visit
Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai, Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir and Master Patel, Karm Ruchirbhai (applicants) intends to visit Canada from June 2, 2023 to June 29, 2023. The main purpose of this visit is to be part of Ms. Patel, Tithi Ruchirbhai (daughter of Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai and Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir; elder sister to Master Patel, Karm Ruchirbhai) to be held in the month of June 2023. It would be a proud moment for the family. Apart from attending the convocation, the applicants will also explore the beautiful parts of Toronto and Niagara Falls.
Please find the attached invitation letter from Ms. Patel, Tithi Ruchirbhai in the file named ‘Inviter’s Documents’. 
Family Ties and Economic Establishment in the country of residence – India

We would like to inform that the applicants are well settled in the country of residence – India. Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai runs partnership firm “Raj Marketing” since June 28, 2000. Mr. Patel holds 50% partnership in the firm. “Raj Marketing” deals into ______. What the business does?
The company has annual turnover of INR 31,737,749 (equivalent to CAD $______*). In his absence, his partner – Mr. Patel, Jigneshbhai will be managing his roles and responsibilities and will connect with Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai in case of any urgent requirements or guidance. The applicant has an annual income of INR 101,169 (equivalent to CAD $___*).Personal ITR missing

Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai is married to Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir since May 13, 2001. Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir works with Raj Marketing as a Computer Operator since September 1, 2018. Her annual salary is INR 240,000 (equivalent to CAD $___*). She has taken leave approval from her employer for this trip to Canada from June 1, 2023 to July 1, 2023. As a result, she is expected to return to work on July 3, 2023.
Mr. and Ms. Patel have a 15-year-old son – Mr. Patel, Karm Ruchirkumar. He is a grade ten student at Asia English School, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The parents have got the leave approved from their son’s school for their trip to CanadaLeave approval dates mentioned in the letter is March 29, 2023 to June 4, 2023

Leave approval letter of Jagruti states June 1, 2023 to July 1, 2023

Please check
. 
We want to inform you that the applicants have strong family and social ties in India. Mr. Patel has his parents (Mr. Patel, Arvindbhai Somabhai and Ms. Patel, Labhuben Arvindbhai) and elder brother (Mr. Patel, Jignesh Arvindbhai) living in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. With regards to Ms. Patel, she has her parents (Mr. Patel, Ratilal Shukhlabhai and Ms. Patel, Jasumatiben Ratilal) and elder brother (Mr. Patel, Bharat Ratilal) living in Mehsana, Gujarat, India. Additionally, the applicants have their blood relatives, close family members, cousins – brothers and sisters, nieces, nephews, and friends living in the same city or nearby towns. The entire family gathers at various festivals and spends quality time together. The applicant’s professional/business commitments, their responsibility towards family, and connections in India are compelling reasons for their return to home country.
With regards to the immoveable assets, the applicants have commercial properties worth INR 8,162,500 (equivalent to CAD $ ____*) in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. They do not have any loans or debts on any of these properties. 
We have attached certificate of registration, GST registration certificate, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation professional tax receipt, partnership deed, invoices, current account statement, audit reports, and income tax returns in the file name “4. Business Registration”. We have attached leave approval letter, confirmation of employment, and cash vouchers in the file name “10. Employment Documents”. Please find attached certificate of date of birth, character and conduct and leave approval letter from Asia English School in the file name “3. Client Information”. We have also attached proof of immovable properties in the file name “10. Proof of means of financial support”.

Financial Availability and Stability

All the expenses for the trip will be borne by the applicants themselves. They have been maintaining liquid funds of INR 3,478,514.3 (equivalent to CAD$ ___*) in the form of bank savings and public provident fund. Additionally, the applicants even possess gold worth INR 2,799,571 (equivalent to CAD $____*).  Out of the total savings, the applicants will utilize approximately INR ___ (equivalent to CAD$ ___) towards their return flight tickets, food, sightseeing, and other expenses during their stay in Canada. The applicants do not want to be the financial burden on the Canadian government and hence, will return to India within the allowed stay. 


We have attached net worth report, bank statements, postal savings statement, gold valuation certificate, public provident fund statement, and income tax returns in the file name “10. Proof of means of financial support”.
Inviter’s Details
The applicant’s daughter –Ms. Patel, Tithi Ruchirbhai is on a Study Permit in Canada which is valid until September 30, 2023. Presently, she is pursuing Fitness and Health program from Durham College. The inviter has arranged accommodation of her parents and sibling at 1354 Orlando Court, Oshawa, Ontario L1G 6T9, Canada.
Please find attached Study Permit, verification of enrolment, academic transcripts, letter of acceptance from Durham College, employment letter, pay stubs, T4 statements, and letter of accommodation in the file name “6. Inviter's Documents”. For proof of the relationship, we have attached passport copy of Ms. Patel, Tithi Ruchirbhai (inviter), which mentions Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai and Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir (applicants) in father and mother’s name respectively. 
Please find enclosed:
Forms
· Application for Visitor Visa (Temporary Resident Visa) made outside of Canada (IMM 5257) 
· Family Information Form (IMM 5645) 
· Schedule 1 (IMM 5257) 
· Use of Representative (IMM 5476) 
Supporting Documents
Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai
· Proof of Identity: Passport
· Academic Documents: Bachelors mark sheets 
· Business Documents: Certificate of registration, GST registration certificate, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation professional tax receipt, partnership deed, invoices, current account statement, audit reports, and income tax returns 
· Fund Documents: Net worth report, Valuation certificate of immoveable property, bank statements, postal savings statement, gold valuation certificate, public provident fund statement, and income tax returns 
· Inviter’s Documents: Invitation letter, Study Permit, verification of enrolment, academic transcripts, letter of acceptance from Durham College, employment letter, pay stubs, T4 statements, and letter of accommodation 
· Proof of Relationship: Passport copy of Ms. Patel, Tithi Ruchirbhai (inviter), Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai and Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir (applicants)
· Digital Photograph 
Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir
· Proof of Identity: Passport 	.
· Academic Documents: Bachelors mark sheets 
· Employment Documents: Leave approval letter, confirmation of employment, and cash vouchers
· Digital Photograph 

Master Patel, Karm Ruchirbhai
· Proof of Identity: Passport 	
· Digital Photograph 
· Academic Documents: Certificate of date of birth, character and conduct and leave approval letter from Asia English School

We request you to allow Mr. Patel, Ruchir Arvindbhai, Ms. Patel, Jagrutiben Ruchir and Master Patel, Karm Ruchirbhai to travel to Canada on a Temporary Resident Visa – Visitor and be part of this reunion. If you need any further information, please let us know and we will comply with your direction.

Yours truly,

Pranay Shah
R418831
Winny Immigration and Education Services Pvt. Ltd.

