Date: March 27, 2023
To,
The Visa Officer
British Deputy High Commission
Mumbai
Sub: Request For Tourist Visa (Visitor Visa) application for the United Kingdom
Name of Applicant: Vahora, Mohmmadtarik Sakirbhai
Date of Birth: November 14, 1980
Name of Applicant: Vahora, Shahinben Mohmmadtarik
Date of Birth: July 02, 1985

Dear Sir/Madam,
I, Mr. Vahora, Mohmmadtarik Sakirbhai along with my wife - Ms. Vahora, Shahinben Mohmmadtarik would like to apply for the United Kingdom (UK) Visitor Visa. 
I have my brother in law - Mr. Vahora, Mohamad Aslam Abdulhaq. Shahin [m1]and I plan to visit him for 10 days in the month of November 2023. He has invited me and my family as it has been a long time since we have met. Our families are very close and we have always stayed in touch over calls, Skype, and video calls. Please find attached the Invitation Letter from Mr. Vahora, Mohamad Aslam Abdulhaq for your reference.
We plan to visit the magnificent sights in Ilford and experience the famous cuisines. Please find the travel plan mentioned below: 
* Family Time: During the initial days in the UK, we have decided to spend quality time with our brother-in-law and family. My wife and I will stay at his place at 46 Egerton Gardens, Seven Kings, Ilford, Essex IG3 9HR. It has been quite a while that we have not met his family nor received any opportunity or had any occasion leading to family union. We intend to spend some valuable time as a family and build memorable moments. 
* Sightseeing:
o Tower of London - In times of conflict and uprising, the Tower, the safest castle in the land, protected imperial relics and even the royal family. However, for 500 years, kings and queens also stayed in the Tower's unexpectedly opulent palace. The Tower has also served as a tangible representation of awe and dread throughout history.
o The British Museum - The world's first state museum open to the public. The British Museum is exceptional due to the fact it blends together cultures from across countries and oceans under one roof. No other museum has a possession of collections with the same range, depth, beauty, and relevance.
o The London Eye - The London Eye is the top tourist destination in the UK. It is a must-see attraction for anyone who wants to see the magnificent London skyline because it is 135 meters above the earth. It provides vistas for 25 miles in all directions. We will be able to see renowned attractions like Big Ben, the Buckingham Palace, St. Paul's Cathedral, and more from the London Eye pod.
o The Buckingham Palace - The King's formal residence in London as well as a functioning royal palace. The world recognizes Buckingham Palace as the residence of the monarch, the centre of national and royal celebrations, and the setting for the customary Changing of the Guard ritual.
o SEA LIFE Centre London Aquarium - On the first level of the County Hall, on the south bank of the River Thames, is where you'll find the Sea Life London Aquarium. It is London's biggest pool. Numerous numbers of marine animals call this place home. The Shark Hall, Antarctic Penguin Hall, Ocean Hall, and the other 14 main hall exhibition rooms are among the touch pool and interactive section at the botanical museum, which is very well-liked, allow visitors to get up close and personal with the incredible marine life.
o Tower Bridge - One of London's famous prominent sites is the Tower Bridge. It is a suspension and bascule bridge that spans the expansive Thames. It has a drawbridge as well. For river traffic, the two bascules can raise to an 86-degree angle. You can stand with the Thames at your back for an unforgettable picture when you visit the London Tower Bridge, or you can take a leisurely stroll along the high-level pedestrian walkways of the bridge while taking in the views of the landscape on either side of the river.
Applicant's Background
We would like to inform you that we are well settled in our country of residence - India. I am working with Suryamani Glassed Steel Equipment Pvt.Ltd. as a General Manager (Glass lining) since June 1, 2018. My annual salary is INR 765,000 (equivalent to GBP ____*).[m2]
With regards to Shahinben, presently, she is a housewife and takes care of our family. Previously, she worked with HSV Aditya Glass Line Pvt.  Ltd. from __ 2016 to January 2022 [m3]as an Administrative and Account Department. 

Allow me to describe about my family ties in India. I live in a joint family comprising of my wife, two children, and mother. I take care of my aging mother - Ms. Vahora, Khatijaben Sakirbhai (63 year old). Our son - Mr. Vahora, Mahammadzidan Mahammadtarik and Mr. Vahora, Mohmmad Rehan Mohmmadtarik are ___ students at ___ school. [m4]Being academic students, they will be staying in India along side taking care of my mother during our absence.   

Shahinben has her parents (Mr. Vahora, Ismailbhai Haziadambhai and Ms. Vahora, Rukshanaben Ismailbhai) and four siblings  (Ms.Vahora,  Asmaben Asifbhai, Mr. Vahora, Mohsinbhai Ismailbhai, Ms. Vahora, Ashefaben Guframbhai and Ms. Vahora, shirinben Javedbhai) living  in  India. 

Additionally, we have our blood relatives, close family members, cousins - brothers and sisters, nieces, nephews, and friends living in the same city or nearby towns. The entire family gathers at various festivals and spends quality time together. Our professional commitments, responsibility towards family, and connections in India are compelling reasons for returning to our home country.
Our intention to travel to the UK is purely family reunion and explores the famous destinations of the country. Neither of us intends to break any of the immigration norms of the nation. We are law-abiding citizens of India and will never want to stay illegally in the UK.

I have attached employment letters, pay stubs, and marriage certificate for your reference. 
Funds Stability and Availability
Shahinben and I will bear all the expenses to be incurred for this trip. We have been maintaining INR 1,410,503.87 (equivalent to GBP__) [m5]in my HDFC bank account. Additionally, we also have immoveable property worth INR ___ (equivalent to __GBP). 

Allow me to explain how I plan to manage our expenses:
SavingsGBP Yearly IncomeGBP Return Flight TicketsGBP Internal TransportationGBP MealsGBPShoppingGBP AccommodationGBP Total expense per day per personAbout GBP __ per day per personTotal Expense for 10 daysAbout GBP __. 
Out of the liquid funds available, we will utilize approximately GBP ___ towards the flight (return) expenses, food, and shopping. I am sponsoring this trip to the UK and my brother-in-law Mr. Mohamad Aslam Abdulhaq Vahora (inviter) will be taking responsibility for our food, accommodation, and internal transportation. I will be taking the responsibility for other miscellaneous expenses related to leisure, travel, and any circumstantial needs that would be arising. Considering my financial circumstances - both savings and yearly income, the above-mentioned proposed expenditure is proportionate to my financial availability and stability. 
* There are multiple large amount transactions into the HDFC bank account of Mr. Vahora, Mohmmadtarik Sakirbhai; the source of credit is Salary for each month. 
* There is a large amount transaction on March 04, 2023 for INR 730,000.00 [BT6]into the HDFC bank account of Mr. Vahora, Mohmmadtarik Sakirbhai. 

We have attached the bank statements, and property valuation report for your reference.
Inviter Details - 

My brother in law - Mr. Vahora, Mohamad Aslam Abdulhaq is a Citizen of The United Kingdom. He has his own business of Smartphones and draws an annual income of Pounds 43,678. He stays with his spouse - Ms. Vahora, Rehanaben Aslambhai. During the visit, we will be residing with my brother in law's place at 46 Egerton Gardens Seven Kings, Ilford Essex, lG3 9HR. This residence is owned by Mohamad Aslam and its ___ BHK house.[m7]
I hope that this information would suffice to demonstrate our intentions to travel and that we would not remain in the United Kingdom further than the period allowed for our stay. Please find attached the processing fees and all the required supporting documents as per the checklist.
I request you consider our application and issue us all a Visitor Visa.
Should you have any other queries, please do let me know and I will comply with your direction.
Thank you,
Vahora, Mohmmadtarik Sakirbhai

[m1]How the inviter is related as brother-in-law -like sister's spouse or wife's brother
[m2]Previous ITR computation page missing
[m3]Duration required
[m4]Which grades and school name required
[m5]Bank of baroda - provided until july 21, 2022
Axis Bank provided until July 22, 222
Bank of baroda (5183) provided until July 19

Property with value INR 37,00,000 is named on Mr. Tarik and Others 
Property worth INR 62,22,000 is named on Ms. Shahin and others 

Check how many people are in ownership - we require the numbers so that we can divide the amount
[BT6]Need proper justification with the supporting documents. 

Transfer made from wife's account. 
[m7]House specification required
